http: add support for filtering `/metrics` by component label (#3881)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/troubleshoot/component_metrics.md

The [reference documentation][] for each component described the list of component-specific metrics that the component exposes.
Not all components expose metrics.

> ## Filtering metrics by component label
> 
> The `/metrics` endpoint supports filtering its output using the `component` query parameter.
> 
> This allows you to retrieve only metrics emitted by specific components. You can pass the `component` parameter multiple times:
> 
> `http://localhost:12345/metrics?component=prometheus.scrape&component=otelcol.receiverz`
> 
> Only metrics that contain a `component` label with one of the provided values will be returned.
> 
> If no `component` filter is provided, the default behavior is unchanged — all metrics are returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Filter metrics by component label

You can use the `component` query parameter to filter the `/metrics` output.

This parameter allows you to retrieve only metrics emitted by specific components.
You can pass the `component` parameter multiple times.
For example, `http://localhost:12345/metrics?component=prometheus.scrape&component=otelcol.receiverz`.

The endpoint will only return metrics that contain a `component` label with one of the provided values.

If you don't provide a `component` filter, the default behavior is unchanged, and the endpoint returns all metrics.
```

Some minor changes to align with the same content in the first doc topic in this PR.
